Need to add the components

Instructions
 
To Make Hummus with Canned Chickpeas

Drain and simmer: Drain two cans of chickpeas, and place them in a medium-sized pot over medium heat. Cover with water and simmer for 20-minutes.

Remove the skins: Remove the beans from the heat, and stir in the baking soda. Let it sit for a few minutes. This makes it easier to remove the skins. Drain the chickpeas into a colander. While rinsing the chickpeas under running water, take a handful of chickpeas and rub them to remove the skins. They come off easily. Place peeled chickpeas in the bowl of your food processor.

Puree the chickpeas: Add the minced garlic to the bowl of a food processor fitted with the S-blade. Puree until a smooth, powder-like mixture forms.

Finish the hummus: While the food processor is running, feed 2 ice cubes, tahini, salt, and lemon juice through the tube, and process for about 4 to 5 minutes. Check, and if the consistency is too thick, run the processor and slowly add a little water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until you reach the desired silky smooth consistency.
Serve: Spoon your hummus on a serving platter, drizzle a generous amount of olive oil over the top, a few reserved chickpeas, and a sprinkle of sumac if using.
To Make Hummus the Traditional Way with Dried Chickpeas
Soak the chickpeas: Place dried chickpeas in a large bowl, cover with water, and soak overnight.

Cook the chickpeas: The next day, drain the chickpeas cover with 2 inches of water. Bring to boil over high heat, then reduce the heat so the chickpeas are at a simmer. Simmer for 1 1/2 to 2 hours.

Remove the skins: Add 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda to the water with the chickpeas. Leave for a few minutes. Turn off the heat. Drain the chickpeas into a colander. While rinsing the chickpeas under running water, take a handful of chickpeas and rub them to remove the skins. Place peeled chickpeas in a bowl.

Puree the chickpeas: Add cooked chickpeas and minced garlic to the bowl of a food processor fitted with the S-blade. Puree until a smooth, powder-like mixture forms.

Finish the hummus: While the food processor is running, feed 2 ice cubes, tahini, salt, and lemon juice through the tube, and process for about 4 to 5 minutes. Check, and if the consistency is too thick, run the processor and slowly add a little water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until you reach the desired silky smooth consistency.
Garnish and serve: Spread in a serving bowl and add a generous drizzle of extra virgin olive oil. Top with a few chickpeas, if you like. Sprinkle with sumac. Enjoy with warm pita wedges and your favorite veggies.
